Hello everyone and welcome to this docu
this halloween special theme
today I will tell you
the story of the halloween curse
but also those that you can
find in game for this event the
halloween curse went off he
a few years ago not to damas cna
every year there was a contest of
the biggest pumpkin he was
organized halloween was the champion of
this contest he won the contest 15
times in a row only this is this
that year his crops had taken
delay and his pumpkins was
ridiculously small and he was out
of question for him to lose this
contest there are some time he was
become the apprentice of a bump maj he
asked him to launch a
spell on the pumpkin for her
become fat and win the
contest which works wonders
since he won the competition without
no difficulty
on the other hand what he had not planned
is that the tasty outside of this
site yes she is attracted the gobballs
from the corner and when these started to
devour the halloween pumpkin a
curse will not make them go crazy
by transforming themselves too little by little
we pumpkin and all the people
who had the misfortune to find themselves
their contact ended up in turn
transformed since that day every year to
the end of October because the
Gobballs and tofu are hit with a
strange curse that makes them
turn into pumpkin
this year alwyn is going to be split in two
parts
first of all since yesterday the gift day and
the event both years been activated
the event will turn off a bit more
early as dungeon on November 5th
because sometimes it's a little annoying
for adventurers who find themselves
116 turn into pumpkin sheep and
fresh water or pumpkin dungeon as
to him will remain in place until 19
November to give you time
to face halloween who is the boss of
this dungeon
we remind you that in this one you
can kraft and pantry scared that
is a panoply giving bonuses in
luck and intelligence
you will also be able to recover
sweets allowing you to get some
monsters followers which is pretty cool
and we know that you like that
I hope you have already started
enjoyed halloween
if not have the ideas now he will you
still a little bit of time
soon found for a new dofus
times